## 1. Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) Overview
This document is version 2.0 of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (Framework or CSF). It includes the following components:
- CSF Core, the nucleus of the CSF, which is a taxonomy of high-level cybersecurity outcomes that can help any organization manage its cybersecurity risks. The CSF Core components are a hierarchy of Functions, Categories, and Subcategories that detail each outcome. These outcomes can be understood by a broad audience, including executives, managers, and practitioners, regardless of their cybersecurity expertise. Because the outcomes are sector-, country-, and technology-neutral, they provide an organization with the flexibility needed to address its unique risks, technologies, and mission considerations.
- CSF Organizational Profiles, which are a mechanism for describing an organization’s current and/or target cybersecurity posture in terms of the CSF Core’s outcomes.
- CSF Tiers, which can be applied to CSF Organizational Profiles to characterize the rigor of an organization’s cybersecurity risk governance and management practices. Tiers can also provide context for how an organization views cybersecurity risks and the processes in place to manage those risks.  

This document describes what desirable outcomes an organization can aspire to achieve. It does not prescribe outcomes nor how they may be achieved. Descriptions of how an organization can achieve those outcomes are provided in a suite of online resources that complement the CSF and are available through the NIST CSF website. These resources offer additional guidance on practices and controls that could be used to achieve outcomes and are intended to help an organization understand, adopt, and use the CSF. They include:
- Informative References that point to sources of guidance on each outcome from existing global standards, guidelines, frameworks, regulations, policies, etc.
- Implementation Examples that illustrate potential ways to achieve each outcome
- Quick-Start Guides that give actionable guidance on using the CSF and its online resources, including transitioning from previous CSF versions to version 2.0
- Community Profiles and Organizational Profile Templates that help an organization put the CSF into practice and set priorities for managing cybersecurity risks
An organization can use the CSF Core, Profiles, and Tiers with the supplementary resources to understand, assess, prioritize, and communicate cybersecurity risks.
- Understand and Assess: Describe the current or target cybersecurity posture of part or all of an organization, determine gaps, and assess progress toward addressing those gaps.
- Prioritize: Identify, organize, and prioritize actions for managing cybersecurity risks that align with the organization’s mission, legal and regulatory requirements, and risk management and governance expectations.
- Communicate: Provide a common language for communicating inside and outside the organization about cybersecurity risks, capabilities, needs, and expectations.

The CSF is designed to be used by organizations of all sizes and sectors, including industry, government, academia, and nonprofit organizations, regardless of the maturity level of their cybersecurity programs. The CSF is a foundational resource that may be adopted voluntarily and through governmental policies and mandates. The CSF’s taxonomy and referenced standards, guidelines, and practices are not country-specific, and previous versions of the CSF have been leveraged successfully by many governments and other organizations both inside and outside of the United States.  

The CSF should be used in conjunction with other resources (e.g., frameworks, standards, guidelines, leading practices) to better manage cybersecurity risks and inform the overall management of information and communications technology (ICT) risks at an enterprise level. The CSF is a flexible framework that is intended to be tailored for use by all organizations regardless of size. Organizations will continue to have unique risks — including different threats and vulnerabilities — and risk tolerances, as well as unique mission objectives and requirements. Thus, organizations’ approaches to managing risks and their implementations of the CSF will vary.

The remainder of this document is structured as follows:
- Section 2 explains the basics of the CSF Core: Functions, Categories, and Subcategories.
- Section 3 defines the concepts of CSF Profiles and Tiers.
- Section 4 provides an overview of selected components of the CSF’s suite of online resources: Informative References, Implementation Examples, and Quick Start Guides.
- Section 5 discusses how an organization can integrate the CSF with other risk
management programs.
- Appendix A is the CSF Core.
- Appendix B contains a notional illustration of the CSF Tiers.
- Appendix C is a glossary of CSF terminology.