## 2. Introduction to the CSF Core
Appendix A is the CSF Core — a set of cybersecurity outcomes arranged by Function, then Category, and finally Subcategory, as depicted in Fig. 1. These outcomes are not a checklist of actions to perform; specific actions taken to achieve an outcome will vary by organization and use case, as will the individual responsible for those actions. Additionally, the order and size of Functions, Categories, and Subcategories in the Core does not imply the sequence or importance of achieving them. The structure of the Core is intended to resonate most with those charged with operationalizing risk management within an organization.

<fig.1>

The CSF Core Functions — GOVERN, IDENTIFY, PROTECT, DETECT, RESPOND, and RECOVER — organize cybersecurity outcomes at their highest level.

• GOVERN (GV) — The organization’s cybersecurity risk management strategy,
expectations, and policy are established, communicated, and monitored. The GOVERN Function provides outcomes to inform what an organization may do to achieve and prioritize the outcomes of the other five Functions in the context of its mission and stakeholder expectations. Governance activities are critical for incorporating cybersecurity into an organization’s broader enterprise risk management (ERM) strategy. GOVERN addresses an understanding of organizational context; the establishment of cybersecurity strategy and cybersecurity supply chain risk management; roles, responsibilities, and authorities; policy; and the oversight of cybersecurity strategy.

• IDENTIFY (ID) — The organization’s current cybersecurity risks are understood. Understanding the organization’s assets (e.g., data, hardware, software, systems, facilities, services, people), suppliers, and related cybersecurity risks enables an organization to prioritize its efforts consistent with its risk management strategy and the mission needs identified under GOVERN. This Function also includes the identification of improvement opportunities for the organization’s policies, plans, processes, procedures, and practices that support cybersecurity risk management to inform efforts under all six Functions.

• PROTECT (PR) — Safeguards to manage the organization’s cybersecurity risks are used. Once assets and risks are identified and prioritized, PROTECT supports the ability to secure those assets to prevent or lower the likelihood and impact of adverse cybersecurity events, as well as to increase the likelihood and impact of taking advantage of opportunities. Outcomes covered by this Function include identity management, authentication, and access control; awareness and training; data security; platform security (i.e., securing the hardware, software, and services of physical and virtual platforms); and the resilience of technology infrastructure.

• DETECT (DE) — Possible cybersecurity attacks and compromises are found and analyzed. DETECT enables the timely discovery and analysis of anomalies, indicators of compromise, and other potentially adverse events that may indicate that cybersecurity attacks and incidents are occurring. This Function supports successful incident response and recovery activities.

• RESPOND (RS) — Actions regarding a detected cybersecurity incident are taken. RESPOND supports the ability to contain the effects of cybersecurity incidents. Outcomes within this Function cover incident management, analysis, mitigation, reporting, and communication.

• RECOVER (RC) — Assets and operations affected by a cybersecurity incident are restored.RECOVER supports the timely restoration of normal operations to reduce the effects of cybersecurity incidents and enable appropriate communication during recovery efforts. 

はこで囲む↓  
While many cybersecurity risk management activities focus on preventing negative events from occurring, they may also support taking advantage of positive opportunities. Actions to reduce cybersecurity risk might benefit an organization in other ways, like increasing revenue (e.g., first offering excess facility space to a commercial hosting provider for hosting their own and other organizations’ data centers, then moving a major financial system from the organization’s in-house data center to the hosting provider to reduce cybersecurity risks).  

<fig.2>

The Functions should be addressed concurrently. Actions that support GOVERN, IDENTIFY, PROTECT, and DETECT should all happen continuously, and actions that support RESPOND and RECOVER should be ready at all times and happen when cybersecurity incidents occur. All Functions have vital roles related to cybersecurity incidents. GOVERN, IDENTIFY, and PROTECT outcomes help prevent and prepare for incidents, while GOVERN, DETECT, RESPOND, and RECOVER outcomes help discover and manage incidents.

Each Function is named after a verb that summarizes its contents. Each Function is divided into Categories, which are related cybersecurity outcomes that collectively comprise the Function. Subcategories further divide each Category into more specific outcomes of technical and management activities. The Subcategories are not exhaustive, but they describe detailed outcomes that support each Category.

The Functions, Categories, and Subcategories apply to all ICT used by an organization, including information technology (IT), the Internet of Things (IoT), and operational technology (OT). They also apply to all types of technology environments, including cloud, mobile, and artificial intelligence systems. The CSF Core is forward-looking and intended to apply to future changes in technologies and environments.